here's a video of the whole injection
molding machine I have two of them for
soft plastic fishing lures
it's an old a frame type machine your
coals here cheat your plastic your soft
plastic throwing a bucket on the floor
which is pumped to the coal aided and
then injected into the mold which is in
twenty two click
did you see I just started heating it up
it's only 100 degrees run it up to the
pending over the mold side what you put
on there
this particular mobile runs about 330
335 you have a regulator here which
regulates your pressure to your mode
engages here normally this this mode
here runs at about 18 20 pounds of
pressure you have a timer here which
tells the Machine how long to keep the
moment close that you can just and after
tea is up is not running right now on
this one too after Twp everything is
good to go
machine be injecting plastic if you
heard the valve open being taking
plastic fill the mold up and then it
stays closed determine that determines
how long if say clothes is your time
then it will open
take your baits out hang them do the
same process again really simple
machines have been around since the
seventies to find movements around for
you here's your plastic you're pumped
underneath like I said you're cold have
a valve there there's your actual money
you see there's your cavities and inject
here this is a smaller mode we have much
bigger ones well that's about it for now
I'll make another video when when we
start the Machine up appreciated so for
those of you that's interested there you
go thanks and we'll be back